Today will learn how to work with Nalls now no all in school means an empty cell.
It doesn't mean where the cell is a just a blank element of text.
It actually means there is no dot in that cell.
And the way We've uploaded our data we don't have any new tools in our tables as you can see.
Everything is populated.
And even if we had an empty string.
So just two quotation marks it would still be just an empty string.
That means it's an empty string rather than there's no data available for that cell.
So to understand a bit better let's introduce some nulls into our data.
This is the order breakdown table so I've selected all the rows not just the top thousand.
Just all of them.
And what's I'm going to do next is I'm going to add a funeral's in here so the way to do it is let's
make some space and just type in the following code.
It starts with update.
Then you don't really need this bit if you using used as training so update your table then set discount
equals Noul where discount equals 0.5.
So basically we're taking all the rows with open 5 and we're replacing discount WITHNALL.
So once you've typed that up just highlight it and execute just as bit by itself.
984 those affected.
And now let's let's highlight this part and execute it.
And for now I will actually take this code and I will comment it out because we won't be needing it
right now.
So what you see in your daughter now is that everywhere where there was a discount of 0.5 now there
is law.
And that basically means that there's no data for that cell.
We don't know if it's.
And it's an empty cell if it's a discount of 0.7.
If you know it's there was no discount at all it is just it's just a little.
So you can say anything about it.
And that's why we've created this tutorial because we're clear of Newell's is a bit different to working
if anything else.
You can't you can't perform the same operations with them.
So for instance let's say I want to find out which rows have a discount or no.
So what would you type you would type obviously a table here you would type select from and then you
would go where discount equals.
Right.
So if there was any other value you would say discount equals.
Let's try.
Let's start off 0.6.
Let's find where the discussion was.
Point 6 you execute that you get all of the discounts 0.6.
But now if I wanted to type in null here and execute what I get I get nothing I get I don't get an error
but I get nothing.
Why.
Well because a normal is a completely different thing.
It's not a number it's not a value it's something else and you cannot compare a lot tunel so you can
say.
And a discount equals no.
Then show me those values.
No because I know all is not equal to an all and also knew it was naughty not not equal to and also
if I put a not equal sign here.
That's how you write a not equal sign in as well and execute that same thing.
You get nothing because you cannot compare tonal and that's something you should be aware of.
The way to compare to know is you should sort of equals you should type in is
and execute that way.
So where discount is no.
That way you pick up all of the Nalls rules here in the discount column and the way to compare us with
something that's not a no.
Then you type in is not.
No.
If you execute now you get all of the disk of all of the rows where discount is not a no.
So those are the basics of working with Nalls.
We shouldn't have too many of them in this course if any at all you will as a data scientist come across
them and just be aware of these things that they are a bit different to normal values and you'll be
very comfortable if Nalls very quickly they're easy so if you ever come across them in a specific scenario
and you don't really know what to do just you can just look that up.
It's very very quick.
Every single time the solution will be simple because Nalls a very very simple to work with just they
have their own specifics and you just need to be aware of them.
And this one is the probably the major one that you cannot compare anything to know.
And you always get empty values.
So you have to use is no and is not.
No.